JeanPiere Demir
ODTÜ Ankara Kampüsü
2.yurt 503/2
06800 Çankaya/Ankara Turkey
Email: jeanpiere.demir@gmail.com
Phone: (+90) 538 6577505


Smart Grid and Power System Analysis (April 2015​-June 2016)

At this project,My advisor was Murat Gol,who is Asso.Profesor at METU.In the project ,the advisor guide me about what I have to do.In this project,my aim is a Enhancement of State Estimator for Power Systems Measurement.Firstly to be able to understand a Grid,I tried to
create an environment where the whole connectivity matrices , measurement matrices(Sparse Matrices) can be declared by Knuth’s Method. After implementing that by using C++ OOP than  analyzed a real Grid try to find admittance matrix of the grid.Now I try to analyze the grid or the
network it is observable or not.

Data Measurement System(November 2015­-?)

At this project ,My advisor was Murat Gol and Ozan Keysan ,who are Asso.Professors in METU.In the project,our(Advisors and the other group members) main object is construct a portable grid measurement device.My main job is ,draw and test the Measurement PCB and try to determine which algorithm will be used in that device and than imply them.I am using C++ for algorithm implementation and I used Altium for PCB design.Because the project is ongoing that is all about project declaration.

RIoT(Wi-Fi Controlled Smart Laboratory)(June 2016-?)

At this Project,My advisor was Murat Gol who are Asso.Professor in METU . In the Project, I tried to construct a smart laboratory which power line can be controlled by using Wi-Fi and so step-by-step we can construct a human companion robotic laboratory . My main object is analyzing whole flat grid and so construct an embedded based control system to achieve the object . I am using Lua programming language based NodeMCU and python to control Raspberry Pi based scripts. Because the Project is ongoing that is all about Project declaration .


Currently , I am interested in Robots Motor Drive and I try to understand some different robot kinematics and dynamics . After that , I will try to construct some different typed pendulum to analyze various systems.  
